# 0x02. C - Functions, nested loops

0- Program that prints Holberton, followed by a new line.

1- Function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line. Prototype: void print_alphabet(void);

2- Function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line. Prototype: void print_alphabet_x10(void);

3- Function that checks for lowercase character. Prototype: int _islower(int c); Returns 1 if c is lowercase; Returns 0 otherwise; FYI: The standard library provides a similar function: islower.

4- Function that checks for alphabetic character. Prototype: int _isalpha(int c); Returns 1 if c is a letter, lowercase or uppercase; Returns 0 otherwise; FYI: The standard library provides a similar function: isalpha

5- Function that prints the sign of a number. Prototype: int print_sign(int n); Returns 1 and prints + if n is greater than zero; Returns 0 and prints 0 if n is zero; Returns -1 and prints - if n is less than zero

6- Function that computes the absolute value of an integer. Prototype: int _abs(int); FYI: The standard library provides a similar function: abs.

7- Function that prints the last digit of a number. Prototype: int print_last_digit(int); Returns the value of the last digit

8- Function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59. Prototype: void jack_bauer(void); You can listen to this soundtrack while coding :)

9- Function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0. Prototype: void times_table(void).

10- Function that adds two integers and returns the result. Prototype: int add(int, int);

11- Function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line. Prototype: void print_to_98(int n); Numbers must be separated by a comma, followed by a space; Numbers should be printed in order; The first printed number should be the number passed to your function; The last printed number should be 98

12- Function that prints the n times table, starting with 0. Prototype: void print_times_table(int n); If n is greater than 15 or less than 0 the function should not print anything

13- If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Write a program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line.

14- Program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line. The numbers must be separated by comma, followed by a space , 

15- Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000, write a program that finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line.

16- Program that finds and prints the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line. The numbers should be separated by comma, followed by a space , ; Allowed to use the standard library; Not allowed to use any other library (You can’t use GMP etc…); Not allowed to use long long, malloc, pointers, arrays/tables, or structures; Not allowed to hard code any Fibonacci number (except for 1 and 2).